
Notetaker: Sakshi Jagtap

The participants in the meeting: \* Sakshi Jagtap \* Jessica Batta \*
Ahmad Ghadban \* Zoubair Hamid

Any unfinished tasks We had three unfinished tasks,

1.  the first one is User Story 1.4. This task remains unfinished since
    the owner needs User Story 1.3 to be completed first.
2.  The second task that remains unfinished is User story 1.6. This is
    due to the owner working on user story 1.7 first, and the owner is
    still selecting the icons.
3.  The third one was user story 1.3 due to how it requires user story
    1.2 to be completed, and user story 1.2 was the final task completed
    in sprint1.

What are practices that you should continue during the next sprint? \*
Some practices that we want to continue during the next sprint: \* I
want to continue to use develop branches to add code as it helps keep
things organized when it comes to more than one person working at the
same time, it also adds a second or third set of eyes onto my code to
catch any bugs that make occur (Ahmad) \* We want to continue to have
sprint meetings, as it helps us discuss where we are in our tasks, talk
about what works and what does not, and help each other finish our
stories (Sakshi) \* I want to continue having PRs in our code as it
helps to see our codes and merge our tasks (Jessica) \* A good practice
that I would like to continue using during the next sprint is to
continue to code at a good pace and split up the work evenly throughout
the sprints completion time (Zoubair)

What are some new practices that you might want to use during the next
sprint? \* A new practice I want to use is communicating with my team
on-call rather than emails and text especially as the presentation is
coming up and it could be beneficial (Ahmad) \* A new practice I want to
use in the next sprint is starting to work earlier on finishing the user
stories, as I found myself almost running out of time near the end
(Jessica and Sakshi) \* A new practice is that we should hold more team
meetings (Zoubair)

What are (if any) harmful practices you should stop using during the
next sprint? \* A harmful practise is to stop editing the main code. As
I progress through my user story I find a better way to code a method
already implemented and working in the main code. This could cause
confusion and result in more errors in the future so we will set our
main code straight and stop editing it during the next sprint \* As
mentioned before, starting to work late on our project later was very
harmful, as we almost ran out of time to finish our user stories
(Jessica and Sakshi) \* A harmful practice that we should stop doing is
to stop uploading files by dragging them in, and should instead use the
terminal correctly in order to upload and push files (Zoubair)

What was your best/worst experience during sprint 1? \* My best
experience is getting to understand and use git-flow properly since it
is a very essential skill to have, and for future projects as well.
While the worst experience would be feeling restricted from the amount
of work I wanted to do as I have to await the development of another
user story (Ahmad) \* My best experience was coding user story 1.6, as
gave the user options to which move they wanted to undo and also helped
me understand the memento pattern better as I implemented it and worst
experience I had was making PRs, due to it not working for me, and group
members not seeing it. However, I soon understood how to use Github and
make PR requests better, and will improve and hopefully have a better
experience in the next sprint (Sakshi) \* My best experience was
starting to code user story 1.6, since making icons for users to select
was a very exciting task for me. My worst experience during sprint 1 was
making user story 1.7, as it took me a long time since I kept running
into errors. However, I eventually worked on fixing all the errors and
the code runs perfectly now (Jessica) \* My best experience was creating
the timer for our Three Musketeers game as it was lots of fun and was a
great way to implement the observer design pattern. The worst experience
was how there is a lot to get done in a short amount of time so we are
forced to work diligently throughout the week in order to complete the
sprint to our best ability (Zoubair)
=======
Notetaker: Sakshi Jagtap

The participants in the meeting: \* Sakshi Jagtap \* Jessica Batta \*
Ahmad Ghadban \* Zoubair Hamid

Any unfinished tasks We had three unfinished tasks,

1.  the first one is User Story 1.4. This task remains unfinished since
    the owner needs User Story 1.3 to be completed first.
2.  The second task that remains unfinished is User story 1.6. This is
    due to the owner working on user story 1.7 first, and the owner is
    still selecting the icons.
3.  The third one was user story 1.3 due to how it requires user story
    1.2 to be completed, and user story 1.2 was the final task completed
    in sprint1.

What are practices that you should continue during the next sprint? \*
Some practices that we want to continue during the next sprint: \* I
want to continue to use develop branches to add code as it helps keep
things organized when it comes to more than one person working at the
same time, it also adds a second or third set of eyes onto my code to
catch any bugs that make occur (Ahmad) \* We want to continue to have
sprint meetings, as it helps us discuss where we are in our tasks, talk
about what works and what does not, and help each other finish our
stories (Sakshi) \* I want to continue having PRs in our code as it
helps to see our codes and merge our tasks (Jessica) \* A good practice
that I would like to continue using during the next sprint is to
continue to code at a good pace and split up the work evenly throughout
the sprints completion time (Zoubair)

What are some new practices that you might want to use during the next
sprint? \* A new practice I want to use is communicating with my team
on-call rather than emails and text especially as the presentation is
coming up and it could be beneficial (Ahmad) \* A new practice I want to
use in the next sprint is starting to work earlier on finishing the user
stories, as I found myself almost running out of time near the end
(Jessica and Sakshi) \* A new practice is that we should hold more team
meetings (Zoubair)

What are (if any) harmful practices you should stop using during the
next sprint? \* A harmful practise is to stop editing the main code. As
I progress through my user story I find a better way to code a method
already implemented and working in the main code. This could cause
confusion and result in more errors in the future so we will set our
main code straight and stop editing it during the next sprint \* As
mentioned before, starting to work late on our project later was very
harmful, as we almost ran out of time to finish our user stories
(Jessica and Sakshi) \* A harmful practice that we should stop doing is
to stop uploading files by dragging them in, and should instead use the
terminal correctly in order to upload and push files (Zoubair)

What was your best/worst experience during sprint 1? \* My best
experience is getting to understand and use git-flow properly since it
is a very essential skill to have, and for future projects as well.
While the worst experience would be feeling restricted from the amount
of work I wanted to do as I have to await the development of another
user story (Ahmad) \* My best experience was coding user story 1.6, as
gave the user options to which move they wanted to undo and also helped
me understand the memento pattern better as I implemented it and worst
experience I had was making PRs, due to it not working for me, and group
members not seeing it. However, I soon understood how to use Github and
make PR requests better, and will improve and hopefully have a better
experience in the next sprint (Sakshi) \* My best experience was
starting to code user story 1.6, since making icons for users to select
was a very exciting task for me. My worst experience during sprint 1 was
making user story 1.7, as it took me a long time since I kept running
into errors. However, I eventually worked on fixing all the errors and
the code runs perfectly now (Jessica) \* My best experience was creating
the timer for our Three Musketeers game as it was lots of fun and was a
great way to implement the observer design pattern. The worst experience
was how there is a lot to get done in a short amount of time so we are
forced to work diligently throughout the week in order to complete the
sprint to our best ability (Zoubair)

